Read --> .env In Backend 
PORT - 2727
Mongoose - mongodb://localhost:27017/E-commers


step 1 - Go to admin login
 
step 2 - click registration - Admin Registration


step - 3
        Enter - Admin Name , Admin Email , Password

        Once registered, you will be redirected to the Admin login page.

Important Note - "The forgot password code will not run unless you go to your .env file and add the original email and email password".

step - 4
        Enter - Valid Email and Password 

        After logging in it will send you to the admin panel.
        but Products Are Not Available from Your side


step - 5   
        Firstly Add Category For Products 

        1, Add Category Name 
            Like :- Mobile , Clothes , Laptops ,etc.

        2, Add Category Image 
            Image For Category   

        Add 4 to 5 Category

step - 6
        Go To Add Product page
        The category add itself will be listed here.

        1, Select Product Category
        2, Enter Product Name
        3, Chose Product Thumbnail
        4, Product Short Description
        5, Product Long Description
        6, Enter Product Price 
        7, Enter Product Sale Price
        8, Select Sale Start Date
        9, Sale End Date

         Here you can manage Category Add And Delete 

        " When you delete the category here, the image will also be deleted from the server. "


    When you successfully add the data, you will get a notification.


step - 7
   
    Go to All Products Page
    Add More Then 4 Products
    
    1, Here you can manage products
    2, Delete Single Products
    3, Delete Multiple Products
    4, Search Product 
    5, Products Status changes
    6, Search Products According to Status

" When you delete the Single Products here, the image will also be deleted from the server. "


step - 8
    Go to Settings

    Change Password - If you remember your old password then you can change your password here.
    Logout - When you click on logout, you will be redirected to admin login and have to login again.

Important Note -     Your login is valid only for 1 hour, after which you will be redirected to the admin login.



The code here is an example of an e-commerce website, 
if we want to turn it into a real e-commerce website we need to add more code.


Thank You 
Mayank Baghela
ph.   -8770150020
email -Baghela.mayank@gmail.com


